Add disclaimer about language server complexity (#8)
kieler/klighd-vscode: README.md

[yarn _v1.x_](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/).

Developing the `klighd-vscode` extension requires an extension that has a dependency on
`klighd-vscode` and provides a language client with [KLighD](https://github.com/kieler/KLighD)
synthesis capabilities. A good candidate for development is the `kieler.keith-vscode`
([under development](https://git.rtsys.informatik.uni-kiel.de/projects/KIELER/repos/keith/browse?at=cfr/monorepo-restructure))
extension.

Furthermore, development of the `klighd-cli` requires a language server with
[KLighD](https://github.com/kieler/KLighD) synthesis capabilities. The server can either be started
separately, using a socket for communication, or placed as a jar named `language-server.jar` in the
_applications/klighd-cli_ folder.

#### Disclaimer

Developing a language server that uses [KLighD](https://github.com/kieler/KLighD) to fulfill all

> requirements to be usable with these clients is no easy tasks. Until the distribution of

Author: ```suggestion
requirements to be usable with these applications is no easy task. Until the distribution of
```

[KLighD](https://github.com/kieler/KLighD) and documentation about building your own language server

> is improved, feel free to seek advise from a member of the KIELER working group.

Author: ```suggestion
is improved, feel free to seek advice from a member of the KIELER working group.
```
